FF151 Relnote/Doc: Sanitizer.replaceElementwithChildren() html/svg false (#43920)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/151/index.md

<!-- #### Removals -->

### APIs

> - The {{domxref("Sanitizer.replaceElementWithChildren()")}} method will now return `false` if the element to be replaced is {{svgelement("svg")}} in the SVG namespace or {{mathmlelement("math")}} in the MathML namespace (the method already returned `false` for {{htmlelement("html")}} elements).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The {{domxref("Sanitizer.replaceElementWithChildren()")}} method now returns `false` if the element to be replaced is {{svgelement("svg")}} in the SVG [namespace](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Sanitizer/replaceElementWithChildren#namespace) or {{mathmlelement("math")}} in the MathML namespace (the method already returned `false` for {{htmlelement("html")}} elements).
```

the parenthetical part could be: 

`(joining {{htmlelement("html")}}, which was disallowed in [Firefox 150](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Firefox/Releases/150#apis))`

to convey when

Author: Thanks, I like that - updating to use your suggested parenthetical part:

```suggestion
- The {{domxref("Sanitizer.replaceElementWithChildren()")}} method now returns `false` if the element to be replaced is {{svgelement("svg")}} in the SVG [namespace](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Sanitizer/replaceElementWithChildren#namespace) or {{mathmlelement("math")}} in the MathML namespace (joining {{htmlelement("html")}}, which was disallowed in [Firefox 150](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Firefox/Releases/150#apis)).
```
